NAME
    Exodist::Util - Exodist's collection of utility functions

DESCRIPTION
    Collection of utility functions. This module ties together several
    components into a single module to import. Importing this module is like
    importing all the modules listed in the 'SUBMODULES' section.

    Using the module will import all the default exports from all
    submodules. You may also list what you want imported.

SYNOPSYS
    The example below imports blessed() from Scalar::Util, shuffle() from
    List::Util, and alias() from Exodist::Util::Alias all at once.

        use Exodist::Util qw/ blessed shuffle alias ... /;
        alias 'My::Long::Class::Name::ToDoThing';

        my $type = blessed( $obj );
        my ($random) = shuffle(@list);
        my $tdt = ToDoThing->new();

SUBMODULES
    This module rolls all the following into one.

    List::Util
        The defacto standard for list functions.

    Scalar::Util
        The defacto standard for Scalar functions.

    Exodist::Util::Package
        Tools for injecting, finding, or mapping subroutines in a given
        package.

    Exodist::Util::Alias
        Aliasing tools that do not require a 'use' or BEGIN { ...->import }
        each time they are used.

    Exodist::Util::Accessors
        Tools for creating both ultra-minimal accessors, and highly
        specialized accessors.

        Use the minimal if you don't need anything fancy and don't want a
        Moose memory footprint. The highly specialsed are not covered by
        Moose and would likely be very verbose to define in Moose.

    Exodist::Util::Loader
        Useful for shortening plugin package names while allowing plugins
        outside the plugin namespace. Check for package as-is, then check
        for package nested in a specific namespace.

    Exodist::Util::Sub
        Enhance existing subs or define new subs as enhanced. Enhanced subs
        can be directly queried for information such as start/end lines,
        etc.

AUTHORS
    Chad Granum exodist7@gmail.com

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (C) 2010 Chad Granum

    Exodist-Util is free software; Standard perl licence.

    Exodist-Util is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
    WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the license for
    more details.

